[Music]
welcome to b2b marketing and more with
your host Pam dinner as the leading
marketing and sales enablement
strategist keynote speaker and author
camp created this podcast to share a
professional experience and insights and
to help you be a better b2b marketer
never miss an episode by subscribing on
Apple podcasts now let's get started hi
everyone a big hello from Portland
Oregon so a couple weeks ago I did an a
hour long workshop for a new client of
mine and the CEO of the company Sarah is
an incredibly savvy marketer in the b2c
segments anything about marketing a
luxury brand man she is on top of it one
of her key initiative in 2020 is to work
and enable her sales organization so in
this workshop we identify sales stages
map content from marketing to sales
created a series of email campaigns to
help outside sales to engage with
prospects which is our SQL sales
qualified leaves we also created a drip
campaign to continue engagement with the
prospect after events they do quite a
bit of events so after the workshops she
asked me hey what is the difference
between a drip and the nurture campaigns
well here is how I explained to her both
drip and nurture campaign to use a
series of marketing communication
channels mostly email or a combination
of email and phone calls to reach out to
prospects drip focuses on presenting
buyers information so that they become
familiar with your brands and the
products the email Siri is more top of
the funnel focused the message is more
general intended for a broader audience
a great example I use is that the person
that's calling Joe comes to a pet foo
ecommerce site and signed up for
newsletter a drip campaign may start
with the first email to welcome Joel
with a 25% Koopa then a week later the
second email is to share tips and tricks
to quickly find relevant pet food on the
website then a couple days later the
third email is to invite Joe to the
exclusive Facebook community and this is
a very typical drip campaign right
targeting the first timers on your
website to get to know your site and the
community better nurturing on the other
hand and at further
engaging with your existing customers
and a prospect that have already shown
interest in purchasing you can create a
series of emails and other marketing
activities based on their previous
action or interactions and their places
in the buying cycle right seems you know
them better they are likely to be in the
middle and the bottom of the purchase
funnel and you can customize your email
based on specific segments various
attribution such as the buying behavior
accounting consumption and Ally
information you may have about them
using the same subscriber Joe as in the
drip example Joel obviously joined the
Facebook community and from pictures he
posted you found out that he owns chucat
of a certain breed you also know that he
has been on the website to buy certain
types of cat food your nurturing email
may include suggestions for other types
of cat poo toys and the other cat care
information which he may find
interesting so during my workshop I told
Sarah that many people use these terms
interchangeably
the biggest thing is really not about
knowing the differences between the two
terms the key is to create relevant drip
and nurture communications that your
audience finds relevant and useful
without being Scelzi and the creepy and
that's very hard to do it right
it takes a be testing data analytics
clean data clean customer data that is
and a solid writing skill to tie
everything together
after the workshop one of the biggest
action items is to rework rework the
company's trip and the Nutri campaigns
you know what to do it right it is a lot
of work but I love working with the team
to create the workflows and a series of
emails that facilitates the customer
journey so if you have great drip or
nurture campaigns I love to hear from
you if you can share with me alright
again subscribe to my itunes podcast and
share your challenges with me I love to
hear from you if you happen to be on
YouTube please check out and subscribe
to my youtube channel I publish one
video again about b2b marketing every
single week alright again if I can
provide any help you know where to reach
me
have an awesome day
[Music]
if you enjoyed this podcast please share
it with your colleagues and leave a
review on Apple podcasts
[Music]
you